Add 429 throttle retry policy (#26820)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-go: sdk/data/azcosmos/CHANGELOG.md

### Features Added

> * Added a dedicated 429 (Too Many Requests) throttling retry policy that honors the `x-ms-retry-after-ms` response header and is configurable via `ClientOptions.ThrottlingRetryOptions` (`MaxRetryAttempts`, `MaxRetryWaitTime`). This brings parity with the throttling retry behavior in the .NET, Java, and Python Cosmos SDKs. When `ClientOptions.Retry.StatusCodes` and `ClientOptions.Retry.ShouldRetry` are both unset, 429 is no longer in the azcore retry policy's default status codes (it is now handled exclusively by the throttling retry policy); the other transient status codes (408, 500, 502, 503, 504) remain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a dedicated 429 (Too Many Requests) throttling retry policy that honors the `x-ms-retry-after-ms` response header and is configurable via `ClientOptions.ThrottlingRetryOptions` (`MaxRetryAttempts`, `MaxRetryWaitTime`). When `ClientOptions.Retry.StatusCodes` and `ClientOptions.Retry.ShouldRetry` are both unset, 429 is no longer in the azcore retry policy's default status codes (it is now handled exclusively by the throttling retry policy); the other transient status codes (408, 500, 502, 503, 504) remain. See [PR 26820](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/pull/26820).
```

### Breaking Changes

### Bugs Fixed

### Other Changes

> * Throttling retry policy: an explicit `x-ms-retry-after-ms: 0` header is now honored as "retry immediately" instead of being treated as a missing header (which would have applied the default delay). NaN/Inf values for the header are now rejected as invalid. The request body is rewound before the 429 response body is drained so a rewind failure surfaces a usable 429 response to the caller.

Reviewer: we probably don't need this since these changes are also in this PR for the first time right?
